Skip to Main Content
Order Online
Home Page
Locations
Pizza Classes
About Pizza Classes
Class Schedule/Booking
Group Class Form
Gift Vouchers
Catering
Mobile Pizza Oven
Order Catering Online
Request A Quote
About Us
Pizza Festival
More...
Pizza Making Classes
What is a Pummarola Pizza Class?
Learn how to make authentic Neapolitan pizza under the instruction of our master pizza makers
Pummarola Pizza Classes Include:
​
A Beverage (Wine, Beer, or Soda)
Hands-On Instruction from Our Master Pizza Makers
Take-Home Pizza Dough
A Personal Pizza Made by You
​​​
Our pizza makers will teach you how to make Neapolitan style pizza from scratch, using the recipes and techniques they grew up with in Naples, Italy. You will learn how to prepare the pizza dough, how to stretch and dress your pizza, and the baking techniques used to achieve our signature fire-kissed crust.
Our pizza makers will teach you how to make Neapolitan style pizza from scratch, using the recipes and techniques they grew up with in Naples, Italy. You will learn how to prepare the pizza dough, how to stretch and dress your pizz
a, and
the ba
ki
ng
techniques used to achieve
our signature fire-kissed crust.
​​
We will provide the aprons, chef's hats, and ingredients - you only need to arrive. The class will begin with the most essential step to pizza making: preparing the dough. Be sure to roll up your sleeves, as this part will be messy! You will mix and knead the dough by hand. After learning the art of dough preparation, our team will pack up your pat for you to take home. You will then learn how to stretch the dough and add the ideal amount of ingredients for your perfect pizza. Lastly, our pizza makers will bake your personal pizza for you to enjoy at the restaurant. Qui si mangia bene!
We will provide the aprons, chef's hats, and ingredients - you only need to arrive. The
class will begin with the most essential step to pizza making:
preparing the dough. Be sure to roll up your sleeves, as this part will be messy! You will mix and knead the dough by hand. After learning the art of dough
preparation, our team will pack up your pat for yo
u to take home. You will then learn how to stretch the dough and add the ideal amount of ingredients for your perfect pizza. Lastly, our pizza makers will bake your personal pizza
for you to enjoy at the restaurant. Qui si mangia bene!
Helpful Links
Reserve Your Class
Book Online
Classes for 10 or More Guests
Group Classes
Buy Gift Vouchers
Gift Voucher
We Love to Hear Your Feedback!
Perfect for any occasion and all ages
From team-building events to children's birthday parties, Pummarola Pizza Classes are a guaranteed blast. After all, who doesn't love fresh pizza? To request a private class, please fill out our Group Pizza Class Form >
From team-building events to children's birthday parties, Pummarola Pizza Classes are a guaranteed blast. After all, who doesn't love fresh pizza? To request a private class, please fill out our
Group Pizza Class Form >
How much do you know about Neapolitan style pizza?
How much do you know
about Neapolitan style pizza?
Discover the secrets of Neapolitan pizza making. Our master pizza makers will guide you through the of creation of the perfect "pizza napoletana," from dough to toppings. Join us for a fun and educational experience that will leave you with new skill and delicious meal!
Making Neapolitan pizza isn't that difficult.
Making Neapolitan pizza isn't
that
difficult.
We will teach you all of our tips and tricks.
Get ready to channel your inner Picasso and create a pizza masterpiece!
Pummarola provides everything for you.
We have everything you need to feel comfortable learning how to prepare Neapolitan style pizza. You only need to arrive!
© 2025 Pummarola® | All Rights Reserved
We use cookies to improve user experience and analyze website traffic. By clicking “Accept“, you agree to our website's cookie use as described in our Cookie Policy. You can change your cookie settings at any time by clicking “Settings.”Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Settings
Decline All
Accept
